README.md, before:

# HyperBench

hyperbench is a distributed stress testing tool, used to perform stress testing on blockchain platforms, written by go.

detail introduction : [white paper](https://upload.hyperchain.cn/HyperBench%E7%99%BD%E7%9A%AE%E4%B9%A6.pdf)

## Features

-  flexible:  provide programmable use case extension based on Lua script and user hook provided by virtual machine.

- high-efficiency: the virtual machine has a built-in Go blockchain client with a unified interface, which directly tests the blockchain system without additional application services

- distributed: support distributed test function, support the use of multiple presses to simultaneously test the blockchain system, simple and easy to use

## Version

| hyperbench version | hyperbench-plugins version |
|--------------------|----------------------------|
| v1.0.2             | v0.0.2                     |
| v1.0.1             | v0.0.1                     |
| v1.0.0             | v0.0.1-alpha               |
## Quick Start

### Build Hyperbench from Source Code

```bash
# clone Hyperbench repository into the $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench directory:
mkdir $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench && cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench
git clone git@github.com:hyperbench/hyperbench.git
cd hyperbench

# build main program
make build

# copy build hyperbench program to $GOPATH/bin
cp hyperbench $GOPATH/bin
```

### Build plugins from Source Code

```bash
# clone Hyperbench-plugins into the $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench-plugins directory:
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench
git clone git@github.com:hyperbench/hyperbench-plugins.git

# build hyperchain for example
cd hyperbench-plugins/hyperchain
make build
cp hyperchain.so ../../hyperbench/hyperchain.so
```

### Run HyperBench for Hyperchain

Before start stess test, docker and docker-compose are needed to be installed before preparing a hyperchian network.
1. start hyperchain network

```bash
# start hyperchain network
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench/benchmark/hyperchain
bash control.sh start
```

2. start stress test.

```bash
# use benchmark/hyperchain/local as test case, star benchmark test
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench
hyperbench start benchmark/hyperchain/local
```

### Run HyperBench for Fabric

Before start stess test, docker and docker-compose are needed to be installed before preparing a fabric network.
1. start fabric network

```bash
# start fabric network
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench/benchmark/fabric/example/fabric
bash deamon.sh
# if it's the first time for you to pull the docker images, please be patient
# and if a timeout bug occurs, please try again
```

2. start stress test.

```bash
# use benchmark/fabric/example as test case, star benchmark test
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench
hyperbench start benchmark/fabric/example
```

## Contribution

Thank you for considering to help out with the source code! No matter it's a system bug report, a new feature purposal, or code contributing, we're all huge welcome.

Please check the contributing guide for the full details.

## License

Hyperbench is currently under Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for details.

Commit message:

fix(gomod&manual): update version of golang.org/x/sys and golang.org/x/net, update manual

README.md, after:

# HyperBench

hyperbench is a distributed stress testing tool, used to perform stress testing on blockchain platforms, written by go.

detail introduction : [white paper](https://upload.hyperchain.cn/HyperBench%E7%99%BD%E7%9A%AE%E4%B9%A6.pdf)

## Features

-  flexible:  provide programmable use case extension based on Lua script and user hook provided by virtual machine.

- high-efficiency: the virtual machine has a built-in Go blockchain client with a unified interface, which directly tests the blockchain system without additional application services

- distributed: support distributed test function, support the use of multiple presses to simultaneously test the blockchain system, simple and easy to use

## Version

| hyperbench version | hyperbench-plugins version |
|--------------------|----------------------------|
| v1.0.2             | v0.0.2                     |
| v1.0.1             | v0.0.1                     |
| v1.0.0             | v0.0.1-alpha               |
## Attention
It should be noted that the current system uses go-plugin, go-plugin only supports macOS and Linux systems, and Windows systems are not yet supported.
## Quick Start
### install packr
```bash
# Go 1.16 and above
go get -u github.com/gobuffalo/packr/v2/packr2
# Go 1.15 and below
go get -u github.com/gobuffalo/packr/packr2
```
### Build Hyperbench from Source Code

```bash
# clone Hyperbench repository into the $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench directory:
mkdir $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench && cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench
git clone git@github.com:hyperbench/hyperbench.git
cd hyperbench

# build main program
make build

# copy build hyperbench program to $GOPATH/bin
cp hyperbench $GOPATH/bin
```

### Build plugins from Source Code

```bash
# clone Hyperbench-plugins into the $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench-plugins directory:
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench
git clone git@github.com:hyperbench/hyperbench-plugins.git

# build hyperchain for example
cd hyperbench-plugins/hyperchain
make build
cp hyperchain.so ../../hyperbench/hyperchain.so
```

### Run HyperBench for Hyperchain

Before start stess test, docker and docker-compose are needed to be installed before preparing a hyperchian network.
1. start hyperchain network

```bash
# start hyperchain network
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench/benchmark/hyperchain
bash control.sh start
```

2. start stress test.

```bash
# use benchmark/hyperchain/local as test case, star benchmark test
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench
hyperbench start benchmark/hyperchain/local
```

### Run HyperBench for Fabric

Before start stess test, docker and docker-compose are needed to be installed before preparing a fabric network.
1. start fabric network

```bash
# start fabric network
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench/benchmark/fabric/example/fabric
bash deamon.sh
# if it's the first time for you to pull the docker images, please be patient
# and if a timeout bug occurs, please try again
```

2. start stress test.

```bash
# use benchmark/fabric/example as test case, star benchmark test
cd $GOPATH/src/github.com/hyperbench/hyperbench
hyperbench start benchmark/fabric/example
```
### Possible problems
You may encounter a similar issue where the main repository and plugins share different package versions due to automatic package version updates. This is required by go-plugin, there is no other way than to unify the version.
```text
[blockchain][ERROR] 10:37:45.853 blockchain.go:39 plugin failed: plugin.Open("./hyperchain"): plugin was built with a different version of package golang.org/x/sys/internal/unsafeheader
```
## Contribution

Thank you for considering to help out with the source code! No matter it's a system bug report, a new feature purposal, or code contributing, we're all huge welcome.

Please check the contributing guide for the full details.

## License

Hyperbench is currently under Apache 2.0 license. See the LICENSE file for details.
